Add section about browser tabs sleeping (#22773)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/signalr/javascript-client.md

1. A function (in this case, the `start` function) is created to start the connection.
1. Call the `start` function in the connection's `onclose` event handler.

[!code-javascript[](javascript-client/samples/3.x/SignalRChat/wwwroot/chat.js?range=30-46)]

> A real-world implementation would use an exponential back-off or retry a specified number of times before giving up.

Reviewer: I have two suggestions for better MT (machine translation). Better or production

```suggestion
A better implementation would use an exponential back-off or retry a specified number of times before giving up.
```

> A real-world implementation would use an exponential back-off or retry a specified number of times before giving up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A production implementation would use an exponential back-off or retry a specified number of times before giving up.
```

### Browser sleeping tab

Some browsers have a tab freezing or sleeping feature to reduce computer resource usage for inactive tabs. This can cause SignalR connections to close and may result in an unwanted user experience. Browsers can use heuristics to figure out if a tab should be put to sleep such as:

> * playing audio

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Playing audio
```

> * holding a web lock

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Holding a Web Lock
```

> * holding an IndexedDB lock

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Holding an IndexedDB lock
```

> * being connected to a USB device

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Being connected to a USB device
```

> * capturing video or audio

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Capturing video or audio
```

> * being mirrored

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Being mirrored
```

> * capturing a window or display

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Capturing a window or display
```

> * playing audio
> * holding a web lock
> * holding an IndexedDB lock
> * being connected to a USB device
> * capturing video or audio
> * being mirrored
> * capturing a window or display

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Playing audio
* Holding a web lock
* Holding an `IndexedDB` lock
* Being connected to a USB device
* Capturing video or audio
* Being mirrored
* Capturing a window or display
```

> [!NOTE]
> These heuristics may change over time or differ between browsers. Check your support matrix and figure out what method works best for your scenarios.

> If your app wants to avoid being put to sleep then it will need to trigger one of the heurstics that the browser looks at.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your app wants to avoid being put to sleep then it needs to trigger one of the heuristics that the browser looks at.
```

> The following code example will show how to make use of [Web Locks](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/Web_Locks_API) to keep the tab awake and avoid unexpected connection closures from the tab going to sleep.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following code example shows how to make use of [Web Locks](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/Web_Locks_API) to keep the tab awake and avoid unexpected connection closures from the tab going to sleep.
```

```javascript
var lockResolver;

> // web locks are experimental, we need to check if the browser supports them

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> // web locks are experimental, we need to check if the browser supports them

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Web locks are experimental,  so verify the browser supports them.
```

Reviewer: @guardrex suggestion to delete comments in code and add them to the MD file is probably better, but either approach is OK.

if (navigator && navigator.locks && navigator.locks.request) {
    const promise = new Promise((res) => {

>         // store promise resolver so you can release the lock whenever you are ok with the tab sleeping

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

>         // store promise resolver so you can release the lock whenever you are ok with the tab sleeping

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // Store promise resolver so the lock can be released whenever it's OK for the tab to sleep.
```

        lockResolver = res;
    });
    
    navigator.locks.request('unique_lock_name', { mode: "shared" }, () => {
        return promise;
    });
}

> // when closing the connection release the lock to allow the tab to sleep

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> // when closing the connection release the lock to allow the tab to sleep

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// When closing the connection release the lock to allow the tab to sleep.
```

lockResolver();
```

> 

Reviewer 2: Best to localize code comments.

```suggestion

For the preceding code example:

* Web Locks are experimental. The conditional check confirms that the browser supports Web Locks.
* The promise resolver (`lockResolver`) is stored so that the lock can be released when it's acceptable for the tab to sleep.
* When closing the connection, the lock is released by calling `lockResolver`. When the lock is released, the tab is allowed to sleep.
```

[!code-javascript[](javascript-client/samples/3.x/SignalRChat/wwwroot/chat.js?range=30-46)]

A production implementation would use an exponential back-off or retry a specified number of times before giving up.

### Browser sleeping tab

Some browsers have a tab freezing or sleeping feature to reduce computer resource usage for inactive tabs. This can cause SignalR connections to close and may result in an unwanted user experience. Browsers use heuristics to figure out if a tab should be put to sleep, such as:

* Playing audio
* Holding a web lock
* Holding an `IndexedDB` lock
* Being connected to a USB device
* Capturing video or audio
* Being mirrored
* Capturing a window or display

> [!NOTE]
> These heuristics may change over time or differ between browsers. Check your support matrix and figure out what method works best for your scenarios.

To avoid putting an app to sleep, the app should trigger one of the heuristics that the browser uses.

The following code example shows how to use a [Web Lock](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/Web_Locks_API) to keep a tab awake and avoid an unexpected connection closure.

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

```javascript
var lockResolver;
if (navigator && navigator.locks && navigator.locks.request) {
    const promise = new Promise((res) => {
        lockResolver = res;
    });
    
    navigator.locks.request('unique_lock_name', { mode: "shared" }, () => {
        return promise;
    });
}
```

For the preceding code example:

* Web Locks are experimental. The conditional check confirms that the browser supports Web Locks.
* The promise resolver (`lockResolver`) is stored so that the lock can be released when it's acceptable for the tab to sleep.
* When closing the connection, the lock is released by calling `lockResolver()`. When the lock is released, the tab is allowed to sleep.

> ## Additional resources

Author: ```suggestion

## Additional resources
```

Some browsers have a tab freezing or sleeping feature to reduce computer resource usage for inactive tabs. This can cause SignalR connections to close and may result in an unwanted user experience. Browsers use heuristics to figure out if a tab should be put to sleep, such as:

* Playing audio
* Holding a web lock
* Holding an `IndexedDB` lock
* Being connected to a USB device
* Capturing video or audio
* Being mirrored
* Capturing a window or display

> [!NOTE]
> These heuristics may change over time or differ between browsers. Check your support matrix and figure out what method works best for your scenarios.

To avoid putting an app to sleep, the app should trigger one of the heuristics that the browser uses.

The following code example shows how to use a [Web Lock](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/Web_Locks_API) to keep a tab awake and avoid an unexpected connection closure.

```javascript
var lockResolver;
if (navigator && navigator.locks && navigator.locks.request) {
    const promise = new Promise((res) => {
        lockResolver = res;
    });
    
    navigator.locks.request('unique_lock_name', { mode: "shared" }, () => {
        return promise;
    });
}

> 
> lockResolver();

Author: ```suggestion
```

This is only good if the code comment is inline, removing and relying on the comment below for this.

1. A function (in this case, the `start` function) is created to start the connection.
1. Call the `start` function in the connection's `onclose` event handler.

[!code-javascript[](javascript-client/samples/3.x/SignalRChat/wwwroot/chat.js?range=30-46)]

A production implementation would use an exponential back-off or retry a specified number of times before giving up.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<a name="bsleep"></a>

```

Author: Do the docs also support comments `// this is used by code in SignalR, don't rename or remove`?

Reviewer 2: As HTML ... `<!-- blah blah blah -->`

Reviewer 2: ... the bookmark thing is under ... as Ryan would say ... "civil debate" 😆 lol ... `name` is depreciated under HTML5, and that's our doctype.

Reviewer: Like real code, people skip comments, that's why I like the shorter permanent link. We can add both.

Author: Ah of course, html comments 👍 
```suggestion
<!-- This anchor is used by code in the SignalR Typescript client, do not rename or remove without considering the impacts there -->
<a name="bsleep"></a>

```

Reviewer 2: The following is valid ...

```html
<h2 id="bsleep">Browser sleeping tab</h2>
```

... but markdown linting isn't good for it. ....... and docs management might send a hit squad to your house! 😨 (but I had to do it in a couple of pivoting docs to avoid broken bookmarks)

> ## Browser sleeping tab

Author: Can we add a non-visible comment here that says there is code in SignalR referencing this anchor so we know not to move it?

Reviewer: That's why I like permanent links. Can you accept my suggest

> ### Browser sleeping tab

Author: ```suggestion
## Browser sleeping tab
```

This was under the "Reconnect clients" section, not sure if it belongs under its own heading, but reconnect doesn't seem correct

1. A function (in this case, the `start` function) is created to start the connection.
1. Call the `start` function in the connection's `onclose` event handler.

[!code-javascript[](javascript-client/samples/3.x/SignalRChat/wwwroot/chat.js?range=30-46)]

A production implementation would use an exponential back-off or retry a specified number of times before giving up.

> <!-- This heading is used by code in the SignalR Typescript client, do not rename or remove without considering the impacts there -->

Author: ```suggestion

<!-- This heading is used by code in the SignalR Typescript client, do not rename or remove without considering the impacts there -->
```

1. A function (in this case, the `start` function) is created to start the connection.
1. Call the `start` function in the connection's `onclose` event handler.

[!code-javascript[](javascript-client/samples/3.x/SignalRChat/wwwroot/chat.js?range=30-46)]

A production implementation would use an exponential back-off or retry a specified number of times before giving up.
<!-- This heading is used by code in the SignalR Typescript client, do not rename or remove without considering the impacts there -->

<h2 id="bsleep">Browser sleeping tab</h2>

> ## Browser sleeping tab
> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

[!code-javascript[](javascript-client/samples/3.x/SignalRChat/wwwroot/chat.js?range=30-42)]

> A production implementation would use an exponential back-off or retry a specified number of times before giving up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Production implementations typically use an exponential back-off or retry a specified number of times.
```

<!-- This heading is used by code in the SignalR Typescript client, do not rename or remove without considering the impacts there -->

> <h2 id="bsleep">Browser sleeping tab</h2>

Author: @richlander @guardrex Can you give this a quick final once over and then I'll merge

Reviewer 2: I defer to @Rick-Anderson on this. I only use this when I must; and I think with *version by file* now :tada:, it will only be needed in Blazor docs that use a WASM/Server pivot with duplicate headings.
